hey everybody Fullmetal our seat here
pretty sure I'm gonna jump the gun
posting an unboxing video is my second
video but ordered myself one of those RC
four-wheel-drive mystery boxes this
would have been one of the ones that
they posted on their website probably
this second week of January so my box
number 40 came in today hasn't been
opened kind of hoping I end up over said
of those JK finders like everybody
else's everybody have seen that Sun box
one of these things and posted something
on either forum or a video they seemed
pretty okay with what they got so let's
get into this thing I'm tired
part number one oh yeah
oh my front fenders or aluminum - front
fenders with body panel for exhale jeep
rubicon black super lift suspension now
you millimeter shocks
please say yes first main we got
Armageddon gasket yeah cool
looks like it's a gasket kit for one of
those little larvae getting
multi-cylinder hydraulics jammer tow
hooks style beat yeah we did a stick
sheet a billet aluminum fuel cell radio
box that's cool
110 scale racing seat blue mojo Vee
grill and - part Street yellow mojo view
body troll bumper and part street
cool don't know what I'll use that for
looks like a R or a t-rex 60 axle
housing didn't say anything like that
but yeah and a pair of DVDs for
something they look cool they look
useless banging gear okay just has the
part coat on it and cute little blue
servo horn also with just the part
number on us that's all she wrote
cute so price at all this stuff
see what it's listed for on the website
I'm gonna post up a list of everything
in a total price and see if everything
here totals up to $240 like the website
said so the fenders and shocks I know I
can hear so it's a fuel cell that'd be
cool see I can use that the mode Jovi
parts not so sure because I don't have a
trail under anything yet
who doesn't like stickers put it right
there so in my toolbox there you go
folks
mercy 4-wheel Drive the mystery box you
know what these right here probably what
I like the most
not bad no not that great but no bad hmm
cue
you